suppose you have a message to encode. say “ram”. now since we have 26 alphabets(52 if we consider A and a as different),we have two options. the first option is that from that ascii table(which basically gives each character a value),we shift each character of of our word by some “shift”.let’s say the shift is 3. so the encoded message is “udp”. if we wrote “rAm uP123adhyay” the encoded message should be “uDp xS123dgkbdb” (note that we are not changing the non-alphabetic chars)
now this was the most basic part of the code
now the second part is,we are given an encoded message,lets say “uDp xS123dgkbdb”. and we doNOT know the shift. and we have to figure out what could the original message be
so to achieve 100% accuracy in this, the only method is using ai/llms. but we don’t know that yet so there’s another way
so i used that way and the code shows top 7 entries which could be possible decoded message.
but level 3 is a catch:until now we were  taking keywords like “DDD” OR “BB” etc(all same letters)..that means for the message,for all letters the shift would be by the same amount. but in level 3, shifts can be like “RYKT” or “SECRET” or anything,that just means the character in message at position  corresponding to the keyword’s characaters will get changed differently.so for this,i didn’t have a solution and this was the bonus part of last level…this can’t be solved without llms.
letme explain keyword thing better: for cases like to encode “ram” for the keyword “VAC”,we shift r by a shift corresponding to V, a by A, and m by C to get our decoded message. but if the message to encode is “riya” for the same keyword,we can do shifts for r,i,y corresponding to V,A,C respectively…but for a, we will wrap p the keyword and take the shift to be V,(start over again)….so they keyword can be assumed as VACV for a 4 lettered  word.
srs gave this problem statement in 3 levels:1 level each week.today was the submission date.to the people i have talked to till now, no one else could do this much of coding. now srs will review all the codes and prepare an excel sheet for remarks. i will show you that
